as a field. I would say that psychology is probably on the liberal side
of the liberal conservative spectrum. Um, particularly given that
the psychology is concerned with, you know, individual differences and
things like that. I think we're probably a little, you know, we're
more liberal than you know, other fields of study, like maybe math
or engineering or something like that. Um, you know, we study human
beings and human beings are very different than anybody who studies
human beings realizes, like, Wow, there's a lot of different ways to
be and and to be happy and successful in all that, all that. So we're
probably more liberal than than some fields. But at the same time,
you know, most of the, you know, the leaders in the field, if you
look at them, are white men. And so, you know, I think that there there
is somewhat of a conservative bias, uh, inherent in that